Hello my name is Melissa and on behalf of
Expert Village today we´re going to be talking
about how to prevent a cavity and how to save
your smile. In this clip let´s talk about
how to prevent a cavityby using mouth wash.
Now there are so many dfferent types and brands
of mouth wash on the market, there should
be no excuse that you don´t use mouth wash.
Interestingly enough there is, many dentists
will say to finish with mouth wash, I personally
after 30 years cavity free and more than 30
years actually cavity free, I start with the
mouth waesh because I like to start off honestly
with a clean mouth or cleaner than just brushing
your teeth because the best part I think is,
you use the mouth wash, you get rid of all
the bacteria that´s on the surface at least,
so your toothbrush can get even deeper. It
doesn´t have to worry about all that, especially
if you been eating something like chocolate
or you´ve been eating something that´s relly
sticking to your teeth, like candy or caramel.
All of that substances that bacteria really
likes to grab onto, that doesn´t wash away
easily. So I think starting off with some
sort or form of mouth wash like a listerine
product in the beginning is the way to go,
and again there are so many different types
of mouth wash. You´ve got Advancless dream
plus that can keep your teeth whiter, they
put extra things in to whiten them. The big
thing with mouth wash: Don´t swallow it,
not a good idea to swallow it though. We´ve
got Fresh Butz Listerine, we´ve got Cool
Citrus, there are evenb whitening listerines
that you startoff. This one does say to, it´s
a pre-brush treatment but no matter what with
all the mouth washes I like to start of with
it. You can also finish with it too, but you´re
going to have a fresh mouth afterwards with
the toothpaste so why not start off like this?
It´s very interesting, I think, a lot of
people also water own their mouth wash. You´re
diluting it, you´re taking away all of they
goodness that this will do by diluting it.
Yes it will, not necessarily burn, but it
does tingle a little bitand also follow the
instructions. Don´t just rinse for 5 seconds
and spit it out. A good 60 seconds, one minute,
is really key when you´re using mouth wash.